what's good YouTube Nabi warning to hear
back again once again and thai people
today i should say tonight people
tonight cuz i normally posted seesaw or
this one will go up on thursday night
after top five this week but anyways
today people today i got some more
pokemon showdown for you guys and you
know you you do see what's on your
screen correctly this is me versus
kristen on pokemon showdown Kristen and
Katie Carla death for those due to don't
know if anybody's live out there it was
one of the rare times that she and I did
battle last time we battled you guys saw
it on her channel she swept me three
matches in a row and I mentioned in a
pokemon showdown video say probably a
week or two ago that you know I had a
gamer to where I swept her as well and
well I won't say I slept during this
game but this was a random matchup that
we did I feel like when you battle other
youtubers unless you two are like like
really really like that's what you're
known for you know mean like I feel like
I don't know maybe it's just me being
new to the game I feel like if like if I
bout another youtuber that was known for
like battling and shit the only
advantage that I would have is if we did
a random battery and I mean I'm not
saying like Kristen's known for this or
anything but I feel like if we had to go
up against each other I would feel at a
disadvantage of someone had a stacked
team and they knew what the fuck they
were doing ologist about I'm just
rambling on anyways um but this is the
random battle so I have no fucking idea
what goes on this I don't remember what
I was thinking when I was making the
moves or whatnot but I do end up winning
so all that shit's good but because that
I wanted to go ahead and take this time
to talk to you guys about the pokemon
showdown tournament that we did probably
bout a month ago country and I on the
real I've seen in any possible future
pokemon tournament so he might do um now
a lot of people were saying all you
should do it once a month or you should
do it every weekend you know I don't
think you guys realize the amount of
time effort and work that went into that
that was a last minute decision kind of
sorta um it was more like like the week
before decision kind of kind of thing
and I put that video up talking about it
on friday and we had to execute on
day it was ludicrous like the moment I
woke up on Sunday morning until that
night when I went to bed I was sitting
at my computer on skype trying to get 32
people to be all together at once and
coordinated and ready to go and just to
think of it that's only half of what a
traditional tournament bracket is a
traditional tournament bracket is 64
people I couldn't imagine doing that
that's fucking ridiculous we have to
split that up but either way I think
what I've decided to do is to add little
prestige to it I think that we're going
to end up doing a short on tournament
four times a year and make it a
quarterly type thing now what are we in
that was my january march april may that
was in may so if that was at the
beginning end of may beginning of june
was it june i think it was i don't know
i'm really tired you guys I've been up
all night I can't be thinking right now
either way I think we're going to be
doing is a quarterly thing so probably
towards the end of August might be the
next one and then towards like the end
of november ish beginning of december
will be the one after that and then one
at the end of februari that's what I
remember from going over this before I
want to keep sitting and talking about
month and shit and I come off like an
asshole just because I'm not in the
right state of mind right now but I
think that's kind of what we're going to
try and shoot for is that we're doing
quarterly so that when we do do them
hang said do so that when we do actually
do them you know it's it's a big event
something to stop and pay attention to
you know I don't want to just do this
every weekend because any like oh well
if I miss this one extra do it next
weekend you know I mean so I don't know
anything like that so um when we do
actually do them it'll be a big event
it'll be a lot of time planning effort
hopefully each time my commentating
skills that go up because you know I
mean I know I made mistakes you know I
know I said some stupid fucking shit on
that live stream that I regret to this
day and speaking of that you know some
people watch these jean videos and you
like you compare me the other showdown
youtubers I've been doing showdown for
like a month and when I say should I
mean competitive battling for a month if
that so if I say something stupid like I
didn't recognize it that one subscribers
team was a rain team just because I'm
new
and anything I speak on these videos is
just from the experience that I have so
don't get all upset don't get all butt
hurt calm the fuck down by the way that
was the random match between Kristen and
I skip plume takes the W and smash that
ass but either way smash that like
button for me if you do enjoy this video
tonight's video let me know what you
guys think of the whole showdown
tournament a quarterly idea that I have
there and uh yeah I hope you all did
enjoy anyways thank you guys for
checking out the video newegg Glock
tomorrow and new pokerap tomorrow as
well oh yeah I said it anyways thank
y'all for coming out and check another
video you know me to that point 92 about